Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A: Git gets everything ready to have that directory to behave as a repository.
If I didn't do it, then there would be nothing to support the file versions
in the repository; there would only be a regular directory.


Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

A: It is different because the files there can be different to the files in the
working directory and in the repository.
It makes sense because it makes it possible to pack all the files that make up
a meaningful change together. I can think of other ways/abstractions to do that
but they are all more cumbersome.


Q:How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

A: By looking at which files are in the staging area with git status, and
checking if the changes are those I meant to make with git diff --staged.


Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

A: Whenever I need to change something without impacting the main (master?)
version of the code, e.g. while I develop a new feature and it's not ready
yet, while I fix a complex bug, while I try something which may or may not
be a good idea...


Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A: By showing the parent-child relationship between commits, i.e. the evolution
(or history, if you will) of the software. And also how, when and why different
versions (branches) of the software were created.


Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

A: We get changes from two different tracks (or two different sets of changes)
into a single branch. This way we have all the fixes --or all of the new
features-- together: the latest and greatest version of our code.


Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

A: Automatic merging can save a lot of time, as the coders won't have to look
through every single difference between the confilicting files to try to
figure out what to keep. Automatic merging is a time saver. On the other hand,
automatic merges seem to operate at the text level, with no understanding of
the underlying code structure. This means that, if the differences are
complex, automatic merge could end up making quite a fine mess out of the
code it merged. That's why merging often (so that the changes are small and
easy to pinpoint) and automatic testing (unit tests, function tests...) are
key to detect problems early.
